where I come from this is I just like to
point out the fact that like you
probably can't even tell I'm still sick
when I announced to all of you weeks ago
that I was sick I I haven't gotten
better yet I'm still sick Jessie yeah
okay so you're probably wondering
Vanessa why does your costume stock so
much and uh basically I was Peter Pan
but the thing is is that when I went to
get my costume to put it on so I could
do this video I couldn't find my Peter
Pan types if I didn't have the Peter Pan
tights it would just be like a green
shirt a belt and they had the tights
just complete Peter pace I was like okay
if I was just wearing about a green
shirt and a hat that doesn't even look
like cost you so instead i put this
really bad cat makeup on because earlier
in the night my friend and i handed out
candy to like a little kids and we
weren't dressed up so besides just put
on cat me so we can at least entertain
the kids it somewhere
so I hope this makeup entertaining you a
little bit more than my peter pan
costume motive also these days Monday's
really suck for you mondays are the
busiest days of my week which kind of
sucks cuz I don't make a video every
monday then I'll try I'll try would you
see how this pans out so when I heard
the challenge was supposed to be to show
everyone a talent no one knows about I
would like I don't have a secret talent
but then I thought of how I can make
fortune tellers like out of paper in
under 10 second i'm pretty sure okay so
I'm gonna make this and under 10 second
time me let's go quick I don't know that
was under 10 seconds i really i really
hope it was and it would be really
embarrassing if i were importing this
footage playing it back in realizing it
was more than 10 seconds okay so
basically what you do like I open it up
and it's like this I don't know if all
of you will about fortune tellers but
this is all you do you write colors here
here here here for example if so which
shows red then you go our EP the inside
here they're going to be numbers and
then in thin choose a number and then
you do the same thing like if they
choose 70 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 you write
fortunes underneath here so what
land on you open up again there's the
fortune I don't know you would really
consider that talent but you tried
making one of these in under 10 seconds
okay I challenging you